Come on.
Have you been having trouble finding a job recently?
How did you go to deliver takeout?
Don't you despise delivery people?
No, definitely not.
I'm worried about you dear
You also want to drive me to a corner and go home and beg him, I won't obey
I will prove to him that he can do well in any industry he wants to do
I can also give you happiness
Yo Yo Yo
Look at us, Xu
But I forgot my birthday for our show
But fortunately, someone important helped you
Of course, flowers have to be accompanied by wine
Happy Birthday
Why haven't I seen a kidney transfusion for a few days?
No, it would be a surprise. Thank you, Mr. Zhao
Old acquaintances
Just call me Alian
By the way, I packed the mailing slip.
Let's play together in a while
Xiao Xu, Mr. Zhao is now a noble person in our company
You can't ignore the company just because you are in a relationship with Zhou Shao
Won't you accompany him like you asked me to accompany Wang Runchang? No, who?
Yanjin Ajin
What gift did Miss Xu bring for her birthday today?
Well, forget it.
I know it's not easy for you to make money.
But it's too good for you to give this for someone's birthday. Forget it.